contribute: add contribution + release process docs [+] (#87)
inveniosoftware/docs-invenio-rdm: docs/contribute/index.md

# Contribute to InvenioRDM

InvenioRDM is a vibrant open-source project with a community spanning the globe.
We cover almost all time zones during our major online workshops! Here we highlight
how you can contribute and how we work.

Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every
little bit helps, and credit will always be given.

## Governance

> How the project is governed is outlined [here](https://invenio-software.org/governance/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How the project is governed is outlined [here](https://inveniosoftware.org/governance/).
```
